stm_inbox_flows/README.md, before:

# Stack Muncher Inbox Flows

#### This app is a collection of handlers (flows) running as a background process on a VM.

The VM instance is self-configuring from the EC2 *instance user data* with this bootstrap sequence:

1. Copy the contents of config.json into "user data" of the instance
2. `stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service` will run first and bootstrap the environment
3. `stm_inbox_flows.service` will launch the app and start processing as per the config

Software updates can be done by restarting the instance to invoke the bootstrapping script and re-read the config from VM's user data.

## stm_inbox_flows config

#### Arguments

`-flow` is optional with one of: ["dev_queue",], optional `-l` [trace, debug, info] for logging.

The flow defaults to what is specified in the config file.

#### config.json

`config.json` contains all the info the app needs to run. It must comply with `config_schema.json` and reside in the current working folder.
The file is bootstrapped from the user instance metadata (user data) during the boot by [scripts/prod/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh](scripts/prod/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh).

## VM set up

1. Install pre-requisites
- **rotatelogs**: `sudo apt-get install apache2 apache2-utils`
- **unzip**: `sudo apt install unzip`
- **AWS CLI**: `curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip" && unzip awscliv2.zip && sudo ./aws/install`

2. Create the directory structure with `mkdirs.sh` script
3. `cd rust` and copy or manually create the following:
- copy `stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh`, `stm_inbox_flows.sh`, `cleanup.sh` into `rust` folder
- run `chmod u=rwx,g=rx,o=r /home/ubuntu/rust/*.sh` to make the shell scripts runnable


4. Create `sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service` with
```
[Unit]
Description=StackMuncher App Bootstrapper
After=network.target

[Service]
Type=oneshot
Environment=STM_S3_BUCKET_PROD_BOOTSTRAP=stm-apps-...
ExecStart=/bin/bash -ce 'exec /home/ubuntu/rust/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh'
RemainAfterExit=true
StandardOutput=journal

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
Set `STM_S3_BUCKET_PROD_BOOTSTRAP` value to the bucket name with the executable.

5. Create `sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/stm_inbox_flows.service` with the following content:

```
[Unit]
Description=StackMuncher Inbox Flows
After=network.target
StartLimitIntervalSec=0
After=stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service

[Service]
Type=simple
Restart=always
RestartSec=10
ExecStart=/bin/bash -ce 'exec /home/ubuntu/rust/stm_inbox_flows.sh'
WorkingDirectory=/home/ubuntu/rust
User=ubuntu
Nice=5
Environment=RUST_BACKTRACE=1

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

6. Set user password for `ubuntu` with `sudo passwd ubuntu`. The password is not used by any of the scripts, but it has to be set in order for the service to function.

7. Run 
 - `sudo systemctl enable stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service`
 - `sudo systemctl enable stm_inbox_flows.service`
 - `sudo systemctl start stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service`

Check that `stm_inbox_flows` and `config.json` are present in the working directory. Reboot or start the stm_inbox_flows app manually.

Refs:
- https://medium.com/@benmorel/creating-a-linux-service-with-systemd-611b5c8b91d6
- https://stackoverflow.com/a/46164095/6923661
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/systemd.service.5.html
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/systemd.exec.5.html
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/systemd.unit.5.html
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/systemd.1.html

#### Starting and stopping after config

- `sudo systemctl start stm_inbox_flows.service`
- `sudo systemctl stop stm_inbox_flows.service`
- `sudo systemctl daemon-reload`
- `sudo bash cleanup.sh`

#### Launching the app manually can be done with:
```bash
cd rust
./stm_inbox_flows 2>&1 | rotatelogs trace.%Y%m%d.%H%M.txt 20M &
disown -h %1
```

#### Log maintenance

The log files clog up the drive and have to be removed using a cron job (`sudo crontab -e`). This cron job helps with long-lived instances with low processing volume.
See [scripts/prod/crontab.bak](scripts/prod/crontab.bak) for details.

## Updating an AMI after changes

1. Run `sudo /home/ubuntu/rust/cleanup.sh`
2. Create a new AMI with reboot
3. The machine should bootstrap itself during the reboot and resume with the same flow
4. Edit the launch template to use the latest AMI 


## FLows

### Updating dev profiles from submitted reports

`-flow dev_queue` processes reports after *stm_inbox* and *stm_inbox_router* steps. It loads the contents of the reports and combines them into a single dev profile. Public profile details such name and contact are displayed exactly as they are in the very last report. Dev profiles are saved in ElasticSearch and S3.

Commit message:

Amended build instructions on ReadMe's

stm_inbox_flows/README.md, after:

# Stack Muncher Inbox Flows

#### This app is a collection of handlers (flows) running as a background process on a VM.

The VM instance is self-configuring from the EC2 *instance user data* with this bootstrap sequence:

1. Copy the contents of config.json into "user data" of the instance
2. `stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service` will run first and bootstrap the environment
3. `stm_inbox_flows.service` will launch the app and start processing as per the config

Software updates can be done by restarting the instance to invoke the bootstrapping script and re-read the config from VM's user data.

## stm_inbox_flows config

#### Build and deploy
```shell
cargo build --release --target x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu --package stm_inbox_flows
aws s3 cp target/x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu/release/stm_inbox_flows s3://$STM_S3_BUCKET_PROD_BOOTSTRAP/apps/stm_inbox_flows
```
Restart the instance - it will run its bootstrap script which downloads the latest binary from the above S3 location.

#### Arguments

`-flow` is optional with one of: ["dev_queue",], optional `-l` [trace, debug, info] for logging.

The flow defaults to what is specified in the config file.

#### config.json

`config.json` contains all the info the app needs to run. It must comply with `config_schema.json` and reside in the current working folder.
The file is bootstrapped from the user instance metadata (user data) during the boot by [scripts/prod/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh](scripts/prod/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh).

## VM set up

1. Install pre-requisites
- **rotatelogs**: `sudo apt-get install apache2 apache2-utils`
- **unzip**: `sudo apt install unzip`
- **AWS CLI**: `curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip" && unzip awscliv2.zip && sudo ./aws/install`

2. Create the directory structure with `mkdirs.sh` script
3. `cd rust` and copy or manually create the following:
- copy `stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh`, `stm_inbox_flows.sh`, `cleanup.sh` into `rust` folder
- run `chmod u=rwx,g=rx,o=r /home/ubuntu/rust/*.sh` to make the shell scripts runnable


4. Create `sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service` with
```
[Unit]
Description=StackMuncher App Bootstrapper
After=network.target

[Service]
Type=oneshot
Environment=STM_S3_BUCKET_PROD_BOOTSTRAP=stm-apps-...
ExecStart=/bin/bash -ce 'exec /home/ubuntu/rust/stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.sh'
RemainAfterExit=true
StandardOutput=journal

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
Set `STM_S3_BUCKET_PROD_BOOTSTRAP` value to the bucket name with the executable.

5. Create `sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/stm_inbox_flows.service` with the following content:

```
[Unit]
Description=StackMuncher Inbox Flows
After=network.target
StartLimitIntervalSec=0
After=stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service

[Service]
Type=simple
Restart=always
RestartSec=10
ExecStart=/bin/bash -ce 'exec /home/ubuntu/rust/stm_inbox_flows.sh'
WorkingDirectory=/home/ubuntu/rust
User=ubuntu
Nice=5
Environment=RUST_BACKTRACE=1

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

6. Set user password for `ubuntu` with `sudo passwd ubuntu`. The password is not used by any of the scripts, but it has to be set in order for the service to function.

7. Run 
 - `sudo systemctl enable stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service`
 - `sudo systemctl enable stm_inbox_flows.service`
 - `sudo systemctl start stm_inbox_flows_bootstrap.service`

Check that `stm_inbox_flows` and `config.json` are present in the working directory. Reboot or start the stm_inbox_flows app manually.

Refs:
- https://medium.com/@benmorel/creating-a-linux-service-with-systemd-611b5c8b91d6
- https://stackoverflow.com/a/46164095/6923661
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/systemd.service.5.html
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/systemd.exec.5.html
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/systemd.unit.5.html
- https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/systemd.1.html

#### Starting and stopping after config

- `sudo systemctl start stm_inbox_flows.service`
- `sudo systemctl stop stm_inbox_flows.service`
- `sudo systemctl daemon-reload`
- `sudo bash cleanup.sh`

#### Launching the app manually can be done with:
```bash
cd rust
./stm_inbox_flows 2>&1 | rotatelogs trace.%Y%m%d.%H%M.txt 20M &
disown -h %1
```

#### Log maintenance

The log files clog up the drive and have to be removed using a cron job (`sudo crontab -e`). This cron job helps with long-lived instances with low processing volume.
See [scripts/prod/crontab.bak](scripts/prod/crontab.bak) for details.

## Updating an AMI after changes

1. Run `sudo /home/ubuntu/rust/cleanup.sh`
2. Create a new AMI with reboot
3. The machine should bootstrap itself during the reboot and resume with the same flow
4. Edit the launch template to use the latest AMI 


## FLows

### Updating dev profiles from submitted reports

`-flow dev_queue` processes reports after *stm_inbox* and *stm_inbox_router* steps. It loads the contents of the reports and combines them into a single dev profile. Public profile details such name and contact are displayed exactly as they are in the very last report. Dev profiles are saved in ElasticSearch and S3.
